docs/elems/r-table.md, before:

# r-table

Connects to a `DataSource` and renders its contents as a table. Supports filtering and sorting (directly on the remote data source). The content of the `r-table` should be a `<table>` element defining the header and body of the table.

|Attribute|Required|Description
|---------|--------|-----------
|`data-source`|Required|Path to a `DataSource` object. Its `list` property will be used as input.
|`data-container`|Optional|Selector of the container where rows will be placed (must be a `<tbody>`). If none is provided `.x-data` will be used.

<br/>

# Model

Filtering can be achieved by creating input elements that alter the model of the table (using `data-property` watchers). Any updated field will be copied to the `request` map of the data source (and viceversa).

<br/>

# Methods

> The following methods can be accessed directly using `[data-action]` property in any child element.

### `refresh` ()
Refreshes the data source, and causes the table to re-render.

### `clear` (`fieldNames`: _Array\<string\>_)
Clears (set to empty) the specified fields from the data source's request parameters.

<br/>

# CSS Classes and Attributes

### `.x-empty`
Add to elements that should be shown only when **there are no items** in the data source.

### `.x-not-empty`
Add to elements that should be shown only when **there are items** in the data source.

### `[data-sort]`
Add to th/td elements in thead, marks the column as sortable. When clicked the `sort` request parameter of the data source will be set to the value of this attribute with `order` set to `asc` by default. When clicking the column for a second time (or more times) the `order` parameter will be toggled from `asc` to `desc` and viceversa.

Note that the attribute `data-order` will be added to the column and set to either `asc` or `desc` indicating the active ordering mode of the column.

<br/>

## CSS

```css
.is-hidden {
    display: none;
}

th[data-sort] {
    pointer: cursor; text-decoration: underline;
}

th[data-sort][data-order="asc"]:after {
    content: "▲";
}

th[data-sort][data-order="desc"]:after {
    content: "▼";
}
```

## Example

```js
window.ds_candies = new DataSource('candies');
```

```html
<r-table data-source="ds_candies">
    <table>
		<thead>
			<tr>
				<th data-sort="name">Name</th>
				<th>Price</th>
				<th>Availability</th>
			</tr>
		</thead>

        <tbody class="x-data">
            <tr>
                <td>[name]</td>
                <td>$ [price]</td>
                <td>[availability]</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
</r-table>
```

<small>NOTE: When using JSX, you can use the `dataSource` property directly with a `DataSource` object instead of passing a name via `data-source`.</small>

Commit message:

[Element] Added option 'riza_data_property' to override data-property attribute name.

docs/elems/r-table.md, after:

# r-table

Connects to a `DataSource` and renders its contents as a table. Supports filtering and sorting (directly on the remote data source). The content of the `r-table` should be a `<table>` element defining the header and body of the table.

|Attribute|Required|Description
|---------|--------|-----------
|`data-source`|Required|Path to a `DataSource` object. Its `list` property will be used as input.
|`data-container`|Optional|Selector of the container where rows will be placed, ensure to include the element type (e.g. `div.x-data`), if none is provided `tbody.x-data` will be used.

<br/>

# Model

Filtering can be achieved by creating input elements that alter the model of the table (using `data-property` watchers). Any updated field will be copied to the `request` map of the data source (and viceversa).

<br/>

# Methods

> The following methods can be accessed directly using `[data-action]` property in any child element.

### `refresh` ()
Refreshes the data source, and causes the table to re-render.

### `clear` (`fieldNames`: _Array\<string\>_)
Clears (set to empty) the specified fields from the data source's request parameters.

<br/>

# CSS Classes and Attributes

### `.x-empty`
Add to elements that should be shown only when **there are no items** in the data source.

### `.x-not-empty`
Add to elements that should be shown only when **there are items** in the data source.

### `[data-sort]`
Add to th/td elements in thead, marks the column as sortable. When clicked the `sort` request parameter of the data source will be set to the value of this attribute with `order` set to `asc` by default. When clicking the column for a second time (or more times) the `order` parameter will be toggled from `asc` to `desc` and viceversa.

Note that the attribute `data-order` will be added to the column and set to either `asc` or `desc` indicating the active ordering mode of the column.

<br/>

## CSS

```css
.is-hidden {
    display: none;
}

th[data-sort] {
    pointer: cursor; text-decoration: underline;
}

th[data-sort][data-order="asc"]:after {
    content: "▲";
}

th[data-sort][data-order="desc"]:after {
    content: "▼";
}
```

## Example

```js
window.ds_candies = new DataSource('candies');
```

```html
<r-table data-source="ds_candies">
    <table>
		<thead>
			<tr>
				<th data-sort="name">Name</th>
				<th>Price</th>
				<th>Availability</th>
			</tr>
		</thead>

        <tbody class="x-data">
            <tr>
                <td>[name]</td>
                <td>$ [price]</td>
                <td>[availability]</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
</r-table>
```

<small>NOTE: When using JSX, you can use the `dataSource` property directly with a `DataSource` object instead of passing a name via `data-source`.</small>
